Clinical Management software is designed for clinical specialists and general physicians, their clerks and secretaries to record patients' full medical data, to help physicians recall medical knowledge and to give them options towards diagnosis and treatment strategies.

       Twenty-one user friendly and graphic forms in addition to over 120 related interfaces help users to do seven main clerical tasks and full procedures in routine medical diagnosis and treatment. Furthermore, separate but interactive files of Preventive Care are designed for full coverage of total digital recording. Consultation via internet, insurance reports and prescription printing are other features of this software.
       A specific code alters this software for use on a single laptop while another code alters the software for multi-users with network capabilities for use with tens or hundreds of computers in multi-specialty polyclinics, wards of hospitals or a small clinic with one or more clerks. Administrator can be a non-physician manager or the physician himself.
       One single clerk can do appointments for all doctors in a polyclinic and/or another clerk can register incoming clients/ or do other duties if administrator changes codes or hides/ unhides files. Accounting section in the program can work independently. Different physicians may access one patient's medical file or every physician (specialist) may have a personal medical file for the same patient. Administrator changes are made through setting - patient manager - Doctor and Administrator. Assigning clerical duties can be made through setting - secretary program.
           Manager can enter the program with admin code, and then a different physician maybe defined through Doctor and Admin. Manager can define central clerk/secretary (e.g. for reservation only). Each working physician may define his/her own secretary and/or accounting personnel. In small clinics, physician is also admin. S/he defines his own user name and password, then s/he selects username and code or his/her clerks, secretaries.
       Remember to keep username and password for the Admin given by the retailer in a safe place. Other codes can be easily changed in the Admin when entered by this code
